Don't think
I'm just hahaha.
Ah!
Xiao Chen, can you really pretend?
So you asked the dragon shop to prepare gifts for you?
Then let them be sent to Qingzhou
That's what wasted time, right?
That's right, hahahaha.
What's so funny about that?
Since Xiao Chen said so
That's the truth
Xiao Chen, Xiao Chen
What kind of rhetoric did you use?
Let this woman be so devoted to you
Your big talk
He actually believed it all
I'll say it again.
Xiao Chen didn't talk big
Okay, okay, whatever you say
I don't have time to play with you
Wait a minute.
What's up?
I have to do it in front of Gu Lao
Full of nonsense
If you keep saying that
This thank you banquet can't go on
I believe that Gu Lao should be able to understand my pain
You take care of the old, he agreed.
Xiao Chen
If you don't resist
I could consider leaving you whole
otherwise
When you are reincarnated in your next life, you will be born without arms and legs
I can't help you then.
You don't know it when you're dying
Okay, I'll give you a ride to Longwu Dao